Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to start building the category screen.
Now, what we have to do first is to create a new file over this views directory.
We are going to create a new file and we're going to call this file category on the score screen and
then the section is door dots.
And now we can use control and bits to make this wide.
And for the now we can just go with the stateless widget and since we can update it to stateful widget
if the need arise.
A case that lest we forget and also we have to court this category screen.
And over here, we need to alight and use control dots in that same part, the material that that package.
And we could get rid of this.
And now that we have access to a lot of property, we can then return a scaffold.
Scaffold.
And as you know, the scaffold has a property, such has the body.
And for the body we can just have a sensor widget for now which is going to have a child and it says
widgets which is going to say category.
Screen.
Okay.
This contract is to save and over the mandate file.
What we can also do is instead of having to log in all the time, we could just use this custom home
customer home screen to be the initial route.
That is the first page the user is going to see.
But in the future we are going to be able to possess the user.
So whenever a user logs in once, they do not have to log in all the time whenever they desire to use
the app again.
Okay.
How to start this?
Sorry.
So we have to go to the customer home screen and.
Over.
Yeah.
We have to get rid of this sensor widget.
Right, and use the screen.
We just created that category screen and art.
We start.
And now we can start building the category.
Screen the K.
Over.
Look, you can just check this out for us.
You can see we have we are currently in the homescreen and the category screen.
You can see the view back to the category screen.
We can use this control to make this wide and we have to get rid of this center widget.
Okay.
Now, the first widget we're going to be using is a widget known as Stack.
You basically use a stock widget to place widgets onto widgets.
Okay.
And the stack widget has a property known as children.
And their first child is going to be a container.
And we're going to give this container a color, a color of colors that gray.
And we can also have hard shades to this.
We can see a shade of Syrian red.
We think we need that over there.
You try to cover and use control and that's to save.
You can't see this.
And as you know, the container has a property known as.
And instead of giving this 500 or 600, we're going to make this responsive.
And to do this, we have to first get the height of our entire screen.
And to do that, we have to say media.
Media query of contest.
Dot size.
Dot hides, and we can times this by 80% by 0.8 OC and also we can also give this a width.
The Heights is basically referring to how long it's going to be.
That is from year to year.
That is the vertical form and the width has to do the horizontal form.
That is how wide is going to be like for the width.
In order to make this responsive, we also do need to use the media query that's of contest dot size,
then dot width, and we need 20% of the screen.
Okay.
This country needs to save now and.
You can sit over here.
You can see.
Okay.
Now, the next thing we're going to need to do is we're going to take this container to the bottom and
also to the left.
And I think currently it's at the left side.
To do that, the container, we are going to wrap this with a widget known as Position a light and use
control dots and wrappers widget.
Position.
Okay.
And now the position has a property known as bottom.
We are going to set it to zero.
That means we do not want any space.
So automatically it's going to take this to the bottom is control and save.
And you're going to see it, right?
All right.
You can see and we can be sure of taking this to the left.
I think it's already out the left side, but we can just see left.
Zero.
Okay.
Is true and save.
And now what we can just do, we can just copy this and paste this.
You can see it has the stock widget has a property known as children.
So it can take multiple widgets.
Okay.
So we can just see this as the first child and this as a second child.
And for this.
We are going to say colors that red is contra and save.
And you're going to see it over here.
Over there, too.
So what we have to do, we have to change the position of how this container is going to be placed for
the boats.
We can also say zero.
But this is going to be right.
And you can see it all via.
Okay, great.
And now what we can also do, we can increase the width of this container.
And for the weeds, we can say we need 80% of our screen.
Okay.
Great.
This is good, right?
And now instead of red.
We could use a white color.
And.
Great.
Sounds good, right?
I think this is very cool.
Look, guys, see you in the next lecture.